we are a rumor recognizable only as deja
vu and dismissed just as quickly we are
the best kept secret in the universe
I know I want in you erase my parents
memories but you didn't get mine took me
20 years to find you how many people can
say that I found you
which makes me perfect for this job
[Music]
how did you
welcome
you will be with Asian teams and my bu
Karelian scum and fYI your little Club
here sucks
come on well it's not gonna save itself
I'm driving that really should be here
Joey I thought that we were here we are
Freddie you go 2x wait are you a queen
indeed she is I pledge loyalty eternal
to you no no I'm not interested too late
I already pledged the loyalty I wish
you'd said no no no before we've never
faced a threat like the hive they can
take the form of anyone I haven't seen
before
our own agents do we have a plan
sometimes you have to trust your gut
men and black has been compromised on
trust smell one we protect the earth
that means everyone and everything ah
yeah we are the men in black the men and
women in black yeah perfectly good are
you suggesting that we try the most
powerful weapon in the galaxy for fun do
it press the button turn it up as you go
you